it became a joke or a mockery from the standpoint
that they finally learned how to manipulate
student teachers. So I have three children who
went through the consolidated school system, and
if they learned one thing, it was how to manipulate
people because of their exposure to so many
people. They had students in and out at all times.
So I think that that is a hazard of our young people
who will be in this community or at Huntsville or
Austin or certainly the Houston area where as we
have to send our young people out for observation
more and more. So I see that as a real problem. It's
going to be difficult for us from one point of view,
but our student teaching centers are in what we
call the best areas of the state, regardless of the
close proximity to the university. For example,
we go to Fredericksburg, Mason, Bracken Ridge,
all the way to the Oklahoma border, Sherman. We go
to the Houston schools. We go south of San Antonio
to Jurgenton. To place your students for student
teaching? For student teaching. So even that may
have to change on us. Do you still have to follow the
whole semester that the College of Education
requires? We do not follow the whole semester. We
are six weeks on campus and nine weeks off campus in
student teaching.
I really appreciate your time and your
perception. Well, good luck to you. Thank you. And
if I have a question, I hope.